Out of 15 seconds? No.
When you see Tex at Treadwell, I'll tell him I said,
hi, boss, because when I was with the National
Oceanographic Data Center, I didn't have a boss. I
had a 10-agency advisory board, but the Navy had
the administrative overview And Tex and I used to
wave in our arms at each other and scream and yell.
So when we were out at a reception or if I ever had a
chance, I would become very differential and say,
yes, boss, no, boss. I miss him. He's a wonderful
guy. Is there anything you'd like to add to the
interview? Anything you can think of I missed that
you'd like to put on tape? Excuse me, I have one more
question before I let you do that. There is now talk
about centralizing research in oceanography
under one agency and one head. What is your opinion
of that? Well, I don't really know what that means.
I don't know how you could do it to begin with
because the agencies in the government who have a
mission that involves the ocean. You probably
could have a monolithic department where you had
geological survey, Bureau of Land Management,
NOAA. Certainly you couldn't have the Navy, the
Coast Guard,
Fish and Wildlife Service. Then over here you have
academia. And we have to be very careful there that
we don't try to impose the mission-oriented
aspects if we're going to keep abreast in
technology. So you have NSF and ONR and Ford
Foundation and Rockefeller Foundation. And then
these agencies, of course, do. So
I can't envision it. After 30 years in the
government, I still... I can't envision a
monolithic organization in the marine sciences
if I understand your question correctly. That's
really all I have. Anything you'd like to add to the
table? Gosh, no. I'm happy to answer questions.
That's it.